what's up guys so I'm super excited to
make this video for you guys today cuz I
got some absolutely incredible companies
that I want to share with you and I can
almost guarantee you that you've likely
haven't heard of at least one or two of
these companies ever before because some
of these are not very well known
companies at all and are hardly talked
about by the mainstream media yet they
are all positioning themselves to
absolutely dominate their respective
industries and in doing so will bring us
as investors some huge ass gains also
I'd appreciate an early thumbs up as it
really helps with the YouTube algorithm
and these videos do take a really long
time to make but that being said let's
not waste any more time and let's get
right into it so today we'll be covering
three high growth stocks all of which
have massive upside potential and all of
which you should be at the very least
keeping an eye on or considering buying
into now in July and whenever and make
these monthly videos I always try my
very best to include some hidden gems
that not many people are talking about
at all at the moment because that's
usually where some of the biggest
opportunities lie just imagine if you
had invested into $Amazon or even $PayPal
way back in the early days how much
money you would have made by now well
with that being said that's actually the
perfect segue into our first dock so
without further ado the first stock I
want to introduce you guys to is a
company called $free limited ticker
symbol $S II now the best way I can
describe this company to you is just
imagine if $Amazon $PayPal and $Activision
were all mixed up together and became
just one company sounds pretty surreal
huh but that's literally what $C is doing
because they are a gaming company and
e-commerce platform and a digital
payments platform all in one
now they operate primarily in South East
Asia and also Latin America so that's
most likely why many of you guys haven't
heard of them before and why this stock
has been flying under the radar for many
you
as investors but trust me when I say
that they are absolutely dominating
these markets in a major way and are
expanding quickly also this pandemic
that going on right now worldwide has
only added rocket fuel and accelerated
their growth even more just like it did
for companies like $Amazon in the US but
even in a bigger way foresee and it
shows in the numbers but real quick
let's simplify things even further so
$see is mainly compromised of three major
parts first is garena which is their
gaming platform which allows users to
access mobile and PC games online and
they have been absolutely crushing it
with this division and actually it is
now one of the fastest-growing video
game companies in the world going from
revenues of 328 million to 863 million
in a span of just three years and this
year it's looking like they're going to
double those numbers because they're
self-developed free-fire game ended up
being the highest-grossing mobile game
in all of Southeast Asia and Latin
America resulting in them earning 512
million dollars in adjusted revenue for
q1 of 2020 from their digital
entertainment segment alone next up is
their e-commerce platform called shoppi
which is changing the way that sellers
connect with shoppers online and its
growth has been impressive to say the
least with growth orders up over a
hundred and forty percent in April alone
and they ended the first quarter with
314 million dollars in revenue from
their e-commerce platform which is a
whopping 110 percent year-over-year
growth numbers like these are almost
unheard of and the most important thing
to keep in mind is that shop II was just
launched in 2015 so it's literally a
baby that is barely 5 years old so
investing in them now would be like the
equivalent of investing in $Amazon in its
infancy in the early 2000s and this is
actually the segment of their business
that excites me the most because it's
still so early on and they still have so
much room to grow and here's the kicker
they don't even need to expand out of
south
East Asia and yet still be able to grow
tremendously in fact a report that just
recently came out by $Bain & Company and
$Google highlighted that today there's
about 40 billion dollars of e-commerce
that goes on in the region but by 2025
five years down the road that is
expected to skyrocket to north of a
hundred and fifty billion so see doesn't
even need to think about expanding to
other regions anytime soon cuz it could
still quadruple or more just within
Southeast Asia
pull so let's not forget $see money which
is just the icing on the cake at this
point and it's the third segment of
their business which is their payment
processing services and it should come
as no surprise to you that with the
pandemic going on and people flocking to
online payments business has been
booming big house business booming I
like that with over 10 million quarterly
paying users for their mobile wireless
services and a record-breaking payment
volume of over a billion dollars in the
first quarter alone combine this with
the fact that the company is focused on
integrating see money with shoppi and
you could be looking at a ginormous
opportunity here going forward now with
numbers like these it's no surprise that
the stock has been on an absolute
rampage currently trading at about a
hundred and seventeen dollars up over
two hundred percent since the beginning
of the year so it's already a big but
this company just has so much growth
ahead of itself that I could easily see
this stock doubling or even tripling if
not more over the next two to three
years but one thing to keep in mind is
that this company is still not
profitable mainly because they are
investing heavily into sales and
marketing to expedite the growth even
faster which I'm not too worried about
because that is what most fast-growing
companies do early on just like $Amazon
did for many years so I definitely
recommend you add $C to your watch list
and perhaps consider starting a position
now moving on to my second stock pick
and this is a company that I think is
extremely undervalued and I
think they are going to surprise a lot
of people with their q2 earnings report
and that company is $upward ticker symbol
$you pwk now if you're not familiar with
$upwork think of them like the $uber for
hiring in the sense that if you need a
project or a quick task done you can
find a professional freelancer from
anywhere in the world in a matter of
minutes and have them get started on
your project right away now as someone
who runs a software company for many
years I can't tell you how much of an
absolute lifesaver $upwork has been for
me whether it was for a quick project I
needed done or even for a full-time
position $up work has been the solution
time and time again and the amount of
talent on their platform is insane some
of the most incredible people I have
worked with I found them on $up work but
here's where things get really
interesting for this company so as you
know it Roni Rona has absolutely changed
life as we know it completely whether we
like it or not and some of these changes
aren't just temporary but in fact
permanent with massive companies like
$Twitter and $Square informing their
employees that they can continue to work
from home forever and a multitude of
other companies like $Facebook $Google and
$Shopify making similar declarations in
which they will be moving a good portion
of their workforce to work remotely for
the foreseeable future also during a
recent conference call $up work CEO
Hayden Brown announced that in the month
of April $up work was seeing
record-breaking hiring activity and that
they shattered all of their previous
records in terms of client registrations
and new job postings on their platform
so this company just has such a massive
opportunity ahead of themselves and
they're almost a perfect hedge against a
pandemic which by the way is still far
from over in fact California just
announced that it's now requiring all
restaurants movie theaters and malls to
immediately close all indoor operations
as the state saw a significant increase
in its positivity rate now I really hope
we don't end up getting a second wave of
this thing but if we do
you can bet that companies like $upwork
will benefit tremendously in that
scenario so let's get into the numbers $a
Brooke is currently trading at 14
dollars and 37 cents up more than double
since falling down to the five dollar
range back in March when the markets
crashed but still down from its 52-week
high of 17 dollars and 75 cents and
during q1 revenue grew 20 per 1 percent
year-over-year to 83 million dollars and
even more impressive they were able to
expand the gross margins to 72 percent
also with the accelerated growth since
the pandemic they are now projecting 20%
year-over-year growth for the next
couple of years minimum and I wouldn't
be surprised if they do much better than
than this as I think this is still a
very conservative number for them and
even more so just this week they have
announced a major partnership with
$Citrix to build a joint software product
that can onboard and manage remote
talent to help meet the needs of some of
their more massive customers such as the
likes of $Microsoft so yeah it goes
without saying that I definitely
recommend you add $up work to your watch
list and maybe even consider investing
in them because it just seems that
almost everything is starting to align
perfectly for this company to thrive and
I see them having a huge year so now for
my third and final pick for my top high
girl stocks for July of 2020 and that
company is $tortoise acquisition Corp
ticker symbol $s H ll now I know that I
just recently dropped a full in-depth
breakdown of this company just a few
days ago but I just had to mention them
here today because guys I am just
becoming more and more bullish on this
company the more research I do but more
on that later so real quick for those of
you who are not familiar with $s n H ll
they are scheduled to merge with a Eevee
commercial trucking company called
$Hylian in just a couple of months and
basically think of them as $niccola but
with actual real products ok ok I'm just
messing with you guys but no seriously
this company is the real deal $Holyfield
and their tech is no joke it even beats
out $Tesla's much-anticipated
upcoming semi truck in a lot of key
metrics such as the seven-year total
cost of ownership coming in at only two
hundred and eighty thousand dollars
which is almost 40% cheaper than $Tesla
who's coming in at around four hundred
and thirty eight thousand dollars and
let's not even talk about $Nikola whose
total costs are more than two times as
expensive and not even remotely
competitive - $hi Leon
but guys I'm not going to go too in
depth on $hi Leon in this video because
like I mentioned before I literally just
dropped a full 16 minute video just a
few days ago where I break down every
single important tidbit of information
that you need to know about this company
it's in that video so if you haven't
watched it I highly recommend you check
it out right now because this is a stock
that's currently trading at around
twenty seven dollars a share and while
this is definitely more of a speculative
riskier play I could see this doc easily
trading at five to ten times its current
market price within the next two to
three years because Derrick Tech is just
that good and that much more dominate
over their competitors so if I'll
question this is a company that you
should be at the very least learning
about while it's still early because I
have a feeling that you'll be hearing a
lot about them in the coming months now
if you found any value in this video at
all and I hope you did please consider
dropping a like that would really help
out this video and this channel and I
would appreciate it greatly
and as always I love talking to you guys
and I always reply to every single
comment so let me know your thoughts on
my stock picks and let me know what
stocks you want me to talk about next in
the comments section below because I
might just make a video on the stocks
you suggest also make sure to subscribe
and turn on that notification spell
because I released two value-packed
videos every single week but as always
guys especially if you washed up until
this point you are the real MVP and I
appreciate you guys so much and I love
you guys and I hope you all have a one
the full rest of your week peace
